1) Covid - Steve said that it was going away and we would be back to the office, and I firmly said that it's not and I don not believe being that rigid and straight line thinking was the best
  choice given our current scenario. It is better to flex and provide options, and he said no - we will all be back to the office .
2) VDI - Steve told me that there was going to be less VDI utilization when we did come back to the office. I said no - with VDI working so well and the 1:1 messages that I have gotten
  from people, letting me know that it was working; I did not see a slow down in Horizon View connections because people enjoyed using it so much that they would continue to use it
  even when / if they were to return to the office.
3) UPS - On 7/26 It was an impromptu Sunday afternoon call we had the roundtable of what to do with the UPS / Generator / Hurricane situation that was coming. I came up with multiple paths of
  ideas, and the one I suggested being the best was spending about $10K on a UPS that would run a critical load beyond the load of the large 50kva unit downstairs. Thursday July 30th when it
  became an emergency (because my voice wasn't heard loud enough) Steve said that it was his original idea, when I planned that 5 days previous. This delay caused us a large discomfort in
  getting product, shipping product, cost of shipping, and man hours to get the unit in, prepped, installed, swapped over.
4) Datacenter - Multiple times I have suggested a different approach to the urgency of the datacenter when things happen; power, cooling, water, fire suppression.
5) Firewall vendors my idea for Fortinet a year ago
6) Zero touch vending machines - For consumables that you buy with your ID card; which lessens the load for ATLAS and minimizes contact paths.
  Zero touch items that get stocked from a vendor of choice.
7) Campus cameras - multiple times the exacvision server has failed; every time we rebuild that server I suggest an alternative plan to become more proactive.
8) I was against the installation of SD-WAN products. The first, second, third times that Windstream failed us - I provided alternative solutions, and to discontinue the use of their services
8) Liebert CRV cooling - The intention I had
